OMG I could listen to my keyboard for days. It sounds so "thocky" and "smooth" at the same time.
Indeed.
Researching such list must've taken years.
Nice! Well done.
Tuner a decision has been made: I will try technical analysis; as I am very lazy and don't have much time, I will code a bot that automates it for me.
keyboard
I like it very much
it's pretty silent
(Only to the brown switch part)
listen to it 🤤🤤🤤
https://youtu.be/1U8AeV7oqCk
you're the single stupidest carbon based entity currently living on this planet.
It's completely aluminum, weights a bit, has keycaps for Mac and windows, sounds like HEAVEN, brown switches
It looks like this though.
I have to refuse.
Black.
Hi Chee! I got my brand new keyboard.
Also your challenge was easy to pass: I just had to use it for an hour, to then tell you about the great experience. Remember, you updated the terms to that I need to have used it for a "while", which I did.
<@207646629140889601> I have to tell you one important thing: You do not even need to download software; it is all managed via a website - no pun intended. The software is called "VIA" and works both as application and on the web. It allows me to change the layout, the lighting and more.
Oh no! You should really spend the rest of the day being productive.
Now I can finally get to doing technical writing.
10/10, can only recommend.
This keyboard has a great out of the box experience. The greatest sound from a keyboard that wasn't modded.
I am typing on the great "Keychron K8 Pro" keyboard, which was manifractured by Keychron.
Guess what I am typing on right now?
Hello.
this is what you get for being a naughty boy
that's what you get for being a little goof
magma
I will make my platform look good now and then I will send you a screenshot
goofy users 😝 🤪
tuner is typing...
I really don't want to spend money on a side project
tuner do you know a free s3 bucket service
<:pain:923203371249336361>
alcoholic
turns out they are
they looked fun and nice to work with
I've used new technologies
I'm literally in the car right now
since I only have been working on this for a total of 2 hours, I will need to add other stuff later
you can register, login, see a very basic feed, post stuff, change your bio and name, post comments on posts (and other comments), and report messages
mixed up d with t
so to summarize, I built a complete twitter clone
💀🤦‍♂️I build stuff
Do you know what happens when I get bored?
OK so the following happened: I got bored 2 hours ago
Hello tuner
great commodity
I made 56€ profit on Palladium
I dotn makek mistakes
the teacher will forever respect you from this moment on
imagine you got an assignment and you do it on a typewriter
Typewriters are the coolest shit
I was so hyped
My dad thoguh we had a typewriter but he already sold it 😔
talking about keyboards
probably more than 11 bucks
while having it for 2+ years
used this 1 time in my life
<@207646629140889601> take a guess
It is now officially moving.
My keyboard is finally not sitting in a warehouse anymore
Good.
knowledge gap 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lenna
that's Lenna
🤦‍♂️
Y'all don't know this image 🤦‍♂️
this is a very not knowing general knowledge mindset
💀
tuner... they still haven't even shipped my keyboard
strip seems fitting
what is a good verb for making something bare
<@698374767043936327>
this is some backroom type quality shit
forensic analysis
will you add the earth to your game
hell naw tuner moment
he really be using vscode 💀
good theme
I think you should edify.
<:pain:923203371249336361>
very great movie
free on paramount+ though
costs money <:pain:923203371249336361>
that's not the movie I mean
they use the pistol I try to find in there
but feel free to watch Shooter (a very great movie)
Can't find an image
a pistol
Nah
with a big ass silencer
whats the gun that cia agents always use in movies
would need to ask my dad
also no idea, just know they have it and saw an image
so I'm pretty sure that it wasn't an illegal purchase
but they got it at the biggest gun store in germany
I have no idea
as I said in the last message
It isn't automatic anymore
(obviously rebuild so it isn't automatic)
A friend of the family has an AR-15
The guys on the shooting range allow me to shoot any caliber
tuner moment
didn't look through this all, but overdlown it, and searched for cable - Nothing
2020. This is what they learn and their ratings based on what they learn
https://www.kmk.org/fileadmin/Dateien/pdf/Bildung/BeruflicheBildung/rlp/Fachinformatiker_19-12-13_EL.pdf
it would really bamboozle me if they just authored it and didn't use it
The first one is used in school, as it is authored by the school
At least it doesn't seem like it is
https://www.nathan-syntronics.de/midcom-serveattachmentguid-df6355c0d49f4d67e5f8f188dec2a7f8/GRN-Skript.pdf
This is a bit longer, good to mention though, that this isn't what is used at berufsschule, but just made for fun by a private person, as you see when you go to the domain without any other routes
we have a so called Ausbildung, which teaches you all the shit for a specific job, this ausbildung is done at a Berufsschule (literally job-school, vocational school), once you graduate from there, you can call yourself a Network Engineer.
are cables really the latest shit, that this info didn't exist in 2011? And didn't networks already exists in 2011?
good to mention: this is from a gymnasium (the thing that comes after 10th grade), in an intensified course
I think it has info about bandwidth but nothing more
https://www.bremer-turnverband.de/sites/default/files/files/GrundlagenNetzwerke.pdf had to find it, as I usually close my tabs, Netzwerkgrundlagen means network basics btw
6 or 7
but not ever cable, fiber wasn't mentioned
One did, yes
curriculum, and the pdf resources unis provide for learning (these were probably too advanced for vocational school, but I thing they shouldn't contain less infos)
Agentur für Arbeit, and the pdfs I've overflown
Redirection the physics guy after asking for explanation about fiber cable still does it for me
just in time
possible, but take into consideration that we talked about subnets for more than 2 hours, while we looked at cables for 10 minutes - seems like it either isn't important to tell me that, or they didn't know it
about certain topics
Oh also a probabal indication for me to think that, that I was redirected to the physics guy when I asked about how fiber exactly worked
I mean it was a shit load of information of singular topics, so I am assuming that ( this bombarding took a day of my time in the internship)
They did, but about the topics that they wanted to talk about with me, which included cables
either even they found it useless or they didn't know. everything else would just be weird asf.
I could ask the same for Subnets, which I definitely won't need and they knew, still got a lot of informations about them
They explained everything in great detail, would be weird if that's the only stuff they refused to tell me in detail, wouldn't it?
I understand your point, that's why I wrote that they don't affect the knowledge **of a network engineer**, as they're (hot guess) probably physical and not network related
Might be, but I highly doubted they learned stuff about the cable types. My internship was partly very network specific, and they explained a lot of stuff about networking, including cable stuff, but never mentioned how they're built, why they work or anything else - again, I doubt that's because they just didn't want to tell me, but because they don't know it. I was told though, to use cables mostly resistant against interference in any way, which should be specified in the cables description
You told us a shit lot about magnetic interference
I did, but I don't see where the completely physical layer of why the cables are twisted, provide any other knowledge relevant to a network engineers work
In pretty sure you exactly learned why that is, while a normal network engineer needs to know, that they better not place cable x near a microwave
Same thing, you need to know property x, automatically adds property y
You're telling me I need to know, if a cable has property x, it also has property y. I agree with that, but not with requiring the knowledge of how they work
and how does that include the knowledge of how it works?
This sounds like they need to know how much bandwidth and speed a cable can do, doesn't it?
Ok lemme generalize, barely any networking engineer, that isn't doing hyper unusual stuff, requires this knowledge
I don't mention how smart I am, I just disagree with tuner on this fucking topic as no one needs it
I just find it very weird that this isn't (or just barely) mentioned anywhere on the pdfs (btw. used by vocational schools) I'm reading
with whether it fits their switch, I meant the form factor since I highly doubt that the cables I have seen, that look like normal lan, don't fit my 20 buck tplink switch
the people that use the cable should know the maximum speed of the cable and whether it fits their switch
I think people that engineer cables should know this
you just don't need it
but sampling together multiple big ass pdfs of network basics that also don't or barely mention cables is pretty weird
don't worry, Aventura für Arbeit is pretty accurate when it comes to that stuff
and in my experience network engineers doesn't know it either (again, sampling size of 2, 5 people)
I looked at 15 job listing, what is required to pass vocational school, what the job listing that don't require vocational school require (e.g. network basics), and I haven't found a single source of what tuner has studied
troubleshooting, support, fixing problems
manage networks, build networks
network engineer
I mean that's what you studied, isn't i
the ones I got to know didn't know it, but that's a sampling size of 2
What do you think, does a network engineer require exact knowledge of how each cable is built and functions?
anyways I found 4 more pdfs about basic networking, 3 don't even mention the cables, 1 mentions how one is built with a small image on the side
I mean most of the basic math stuff was used in the last 5 math exams
(final exams of vocational school)
even the final exams of the last 5 years just ask the names of 3 cables
tuner doesn't seem to agree that you don't need that knowledge, like, ever
exactly
not how they're built
and not gone further into, just knowing that they exist
Ok I looked deeper into it. All the cable types are on one page 💀
Words that they
network model
tcp/ip
etherney
network-OS
client-server model
network administration
tcp/ip ipv4
routing
dhcp
dns
security
support
troubleshooting and fixing errors
Überblick und Fachausdrücke
Netzwerkmodelle
TCP/IP Familie
Ethernet
Netzwerk-Betriebssystem
Client-Server-Modell
Netzwerk-Administration
TCP/IP - IPv4
Routing
DCHP
DNS
Sicherheit
Support
Troubleshooting und Fehlerbehebung
Nah, the job listing told that they require that
I think they should know what they teach students
they're no company but a official agency
the state guys that help you find a job, send you money when you don't got a job, give informations about classes, uni, jobs etc.
nothing but the default shit like you should know what a packet is
even looked at multiple websites
since many mentioned "Basics of Networkengineering", I googled exactly that
I used stepstone for the job research, and then I looked at the official information from the Agentur für Arbeit for what they teach in school
Go look for yourself, I'll provide you with all the resources you need, if they're too hard to find
you just wont accept it somehow
I mean go look for yourself 💀I'm not stating that they don't require it just because I think that rn
nothing more
Your knowledge is useless
You're right. They all required a thing in network management. So I checked what you learn there - no cables
and I didnt only check smaller companies
no one required knowledge of cables
OK I checked 15 companies and what they require you to work for them
now he just manages and fixes stuff
he built the network, positioned all repeaters, even custom made ones, placed every switch (with his team), connected each cable
the other network engineers doesn't manage such a big network, but I'm certain he doesn't know that
I mean if you can manage a network with more than 8k clients and multiple subnets + vlans, thousands of switches and servers, without that knowledge, I highly doubt you really need it
so not just a small person doing random stuff at a small company
oh btw he was managing a big ass data center network
worked with 3 network engineers, the department manager couldn't even tell me how fiber works, and yet, earns 120k per year
tell me
I am if you tell me a usecase
all the things you publicly told are stupid and unnecessary
You're studying a bunch of stupid shit
you will surely use that as a software engineer
have fun coding electromagnetism
You will surely use that as a software engineer
ok have fun inspecting cables 💀
just like everything you study each day
yes
today is my birthday
tuner shush
namecheap says it's worth 9 bucks
what will your domain be
when tturna.org?
You don't.
what's your opinion on Pakistan 🇵🇰
HOLY SHIT TUNER
Everyone. Needs. A. Contact. Form.
at least you can do a proper contact form with that
have fun with php
Laravel
and nextjs has performance benefits
so you can do your contact form without having to host a separate api
use nextjs
ALSO
redo your portfolio or do something else productive
tuner...
The earliest date my keyboard could arrive is the 29th of December.
tuners attempt to spread malware seems to have worked
Tuner do you even have at least one reference project
<:kek:923235548326412358> tuner learn illustrator
L tuner moment
like redo your portfolio
Tuner I think you should do something productive
💀
good
https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/project_modules/source/330e14157288803.63761bff3efeb.jpg
I shouldn't say database, more like a table that acts like a database
free database, allows you to send free emails without a mailserver required (an email to you that tells you someone entered shit into your contact form) and a nice overview of all the contact entries
I've heard you want to make a new website? Use Airtable for the contact section
<:kek:923235548326412358>
sounds like a lot of fun
allowing me to do private (non-commericial) flights with rented gear
and a helicopter license
I'm pretty sure I'll do my private flying license at some point
flying seems like a way more effective way of traveling and is also depicted as very fun
I mean in general
the only thing better about a boat compared to a helicopter is the fact that they don't cost life-savings
I have to say one thing
YOU GOT A BOAT 🚢 🚣‍♂️ 😳😳
5gum
these things sell for 900-1500€
cam you gift me that
guess when it will arrive
I've treated myself to a new keyboard
I bought a new keyboard
yes of course
oh also expensive
swagger hardly recognizes 7
there are about 1.34 million ways to write an api
Oh recommendation: IBM Model M
oh also it only costs 60 bucks
<:pain:923203371249336361> the c2 is 100% but doesn't have a Nordic layout
yes + entirely out of aluminum (no plastic) and south facing lights
oh also hot swappable
the reason why I paid 150 bucks for it is because I bought from a reseller (the official iso-de were all sold out), the actual keyboard costs 120 bucks, which is the maxed out configuration (aluminum frame, rgb backlight and garmen brown/red switches)
allows you to change the entire keyboard keys the way you want + it has a processor so you can disconnect the keyboard and use it wireless while still having your configured layout
there is a reason why I can only recommend the k8: VIA and the other thing ai forgot
at least my corsair keyboard which I bought for 150 bucks was conplete bullshit (didn't sound good, didn't feel good, stabilizers were absolutely bullshit)
same goes for corsair and Roccat
and if I am not mistaken, the k3 is half the price
and in my opinion (just like the headphone thing), comparing a keychron (I only compared a k3) with a razer huntsman, the keychron wins every time
Keychron is actually good as they care about how their keyboard feels and looks, they build in mods (like dampeners and steel plates), to make their keyboard the best possible out of the box experience
https://www.keychron.com/collections/keychron-iso-jis-keyboard-collection/products/keychron-k8-wireless-mechanical-keyboard-german-iso-de-layout
ok 65 bucks I apologize
you can get the k8 for 50 bucks
💀💀💀💀
doesn't a corsair keyboard cost around 130€ 💀
bog companies mostly don't know shit about their keyboards, only how to add the most amount of bullshit features
try out a lubed keyboard
I didnt only try earbuds 💀never say earbuds have a price above 1000€
the change in audio quality isn't worth a 290€ difference for me, as it's so little
I mean I've tried a varied range of headphones, from 1€ to way about 1000€, they all sound the same, except for maybe noise canceling, which I don't need as I don't usually have loud noises in my room
and cost way more
these are not mine, pretty similar though
https://www.gear4music.de/de/Recording-and-Computer/HP-210-Stereo-Kopfhorer-von-Gear4music-5er-Pack/23K4?origin=product-ads&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIxpPPq8uU_AIVQ7vVCh0GiApwEAYYBCABEgJl2_D_BwE
they don't sell my headphones anymore apperantly
that's just the leather
caring about your visual appearance doesn't seem like something unordinary, if I am not mistaken
lmao ok that's actually just the leather 💀
I mean more than 5 people have mentioned it now, casually in a conversation, said that it looks good. Seems like a benefit to me
https://www.kaufland.de/product/453879616/?search_value=Kopfh%C3%B6rer%20pack they're similar but more high quality
my watch has actually benefited me, while such headphones wouldn't
they're not selling then anymore and I won't move to get them right now
1€ No-Name
I do each day, doesn't change if I have Apple Airpods, my headphones, or my dad's studio quality headphones - everything sounds the same
(imo)
spending more than 10€ on headphones seems like something only useful for audio experts
In pretty certain that they're from China yeah. They came in a 5 headphones box for 5,50€
my dad has studio quality headphones, tried them, don't hear a big enough difference to spend life savings on it
I got the same 1€ headphones for 3 years now 👍
https://youtu.be/1U8AeV7oqCk?t=96
🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
cringe everywhere else
celebrating was done yesterday, today is getting sober and chill day
it's totally correct
his real name is Alex
also 120*
tuner you need to understand one thing: it'd about sound and feel
yes
so it just consumes space on my desk
never really used it
No
paid 30 buck more, but there is barely any chance that the original seller will restock iso-de
150 buck (because the original seller didn't have iso-de in stock)
NO
I ordered a new keyboard
VERY nice!
AI learns from this
"scientific"
https://www.nationalreview.com/2022/09/woke-scientific-american-claims-men-invented-women-in-18th-century-to-oppress-them/
💀PC means personal computer
I mean my pc doesn't have a keyboard integrated, if I am not mistaken
do you mean laptops?
I have no idea of what you're talking about
it's old and I already shot my shot on getting one (it failed)
the only good non-mechanical keyboard is the IBM one I forgot the name of
am I stupid or what 💀💀💀
mechanical of course...
I have treated myself to a new keyboard.
you're here
OMG TUNER
I bought a new keyboard.
Good.
merry Christmas
that's called an api for a coffee machine (that can also make tea)
teacup
<@207646629140889601> are you here
overall.
Yes.
<@379191617627619328> opinion on WindowsOS?
LMAOOO DENVER
it's so fucking stupid
It also has a preference to transform "my" to "Mt" for some reason
why does it transform eaten to eating
I hate autocorrect
every Australians favorite animal is kangaroo
unbelievable 😈😈😈😈
your favorite animal just eaten like this
my dad ate it 😈
they sold kangaroo
<@379191617627619328> yesterday I ate at a Chinese restaurant
focusing on ux
I think I already got a different idea
When you buy the product, you get a license key and a download option, so you download the app, and then enter the license key into the app to activate it.
Without this license key, why would anyone buy my app, if they can just go and ask the singular idiot who bought it for the download link
and not licensing it would be a this
Preferably I would want to make a profit
No
licensing is very hard, and costs money
not a fan of that
CORS is a browser-side security measure
yes
I'm VERY bad at explaining, especially in english
hope you at least kinda got a clue of what this is about
(referring to the last paragraph)
the same goes for frontends, because of form submissions, commonly used on php-websites, which are still pretty dominant
Cors blocks every request sent via javascript when the origin of the request (e.g. my website) isn't allowed in the policies. To check this, the browser sends a so-called preflight request to every url you're requesting, which returns the allowed origins in the headers. If the origin is in this origin-header, the browser will continue to send the javascript request, if not, it blocks it.
When you're opening a session though, the browser just sends a request and doesn't do the preflight, as the browser knows that there is no origin website that might have a malicious intent.
If this security measure wasn't there, I could just tell the browser to send a javascript request to any api, and if you're logged into that api (e.g. via cookies), you're fucked
kinda
but not if my website sends an http request. You accessing Fiverr via the search function is different than accessing it via javascript
your website says send request to fiverr, browser does a so-called preflight, which checks the cors policies. Fiverrs policy says only to allows requests from fiverr.com, so it blocks your actual request
also protected by cors
I can't send the request on the client side, it just gets blocked.
Fiverr will surely have a Cors policy that will only allow client request from fiverr.com. if this wouldn't exist, this would result in chaos.
Let's take a bank as example.
You go on my website, and are logged into your chase account. So I get smart and send a request to the chase-transact-money endpoint, and am now richers. CORS prevents this
real time would be pretty important as long response times are stupid and not beneficial. So each account on my platform requires maybe 5 socket connection. Only 100 users seems like the expenses would rise to the moon (I am assuming that websockets consume a bit of performance, which might not be true)
expensive; the server would require enormous amounts of bandwidths, sending the request via the client also wouldn't work due to cors, managing many accounts is also pretty hard especially if these platforms don't have publicly available apis
these massive amounts of data are extremely expensive to scrape
that's why my stock idea failed
expensive
also A probably would require some kind of data, as that's (at least my) main usecase of apis
A doesn't seem like a thing you could show an hr person
B is like my casual side projects, which never get finished
C is extremely hard to find an idea for
specifically want a web project though, as that's the easiest to make, considering support for all platforms
desktop and backend
from mobile to desktop to web
I can pretty much do anything
always, yes
not knowing what to do with it
know all that stuff now
read a 500 page book on databases
they are
is it directly reading the files or translating to SEQUEL
what's the underlying database
<@698374767043936327> do you have any idea, why disk-management softwares prefer to make 3 volumes (one the primary, and the other 2 extended volumes, each with a size of n/3), instead of 1 big partition?
Of course it helps to work more efficiently, still creates a dependency, and doesn't teach you the way of speaking and writing proficiently.
Writing is also a soft-skill one can use in person-to-person chats, as the skill of writing surely does affect the skill of talking.
I still find it not sustainable to use it for blogs. There always is a risk of it not doing what it used to do. Dependencies in this niche doesn't seem peccant, in my opinion.
If we take into consideration, that this is just a marketing stunt, we can be sure of the fact that this won't be free forever.
So dividends on stocks of big companies are low?
Such a loss would cover all of that earnings.
OpenAI is a private company, so there barely is a financial overview, but I personally doubt that they earn more than a billion per year.
Let's take a VERY big company to "visualize" how impossible this is: Nike has a net earning of 6 billion dollars. The loss that OpenAI is enduring right now, would be 1/6 of Nike, which is around 15%. Such loss would result in a disaster - yes, even for Nike.
I think this is impossible. You need to see how much 3 million a day really is. Calculating an entire year with each day loosing 3 million dollar, results in a loss of 1.095.000.000. This is an impeccable, even for most bigger companies.
I am full of doubt thinking about this idea; OpenAI already announced that they're loosing around 3 million dollar a day. This doesn't seem like a profitable model.
I need to get into technical writing; a nice way of pursuing this would be a blog on the platform "HashNode". Sadly, writing detailed blog-articles takes time, and software like ChatGPT is, in my opinion, not a sustainable opinion, since it makes my blog dependent on a software, of which I can not control whether it will continue to run for affordable prices, or will stop working completely. OpenAI already announced that they plan on implementing a way of watermarking the generated texts - This would be the end of my blog. Taking all this into consideration, learning how to write proficiently is the smartest idea.
I just like bullshitting Tuner from time to time.
This doesn't even work for me, as I am luckily not a citizen of the USA.
A crime that falls under the law of federal America.
<@207646629140889601> As I have already told you, I was eating at a Chinese restaurant today. So this restaurant had a kind of "tradition": Once a customer sits down, they deliver a "Schnapps" (Alcoholic drink) for the adults, and Fanta (Soda-Drink without alcohol) for the kids. As I am literally the adultest adult, I obviously got the Schnapps, which I had to refuse, as I do not want to commit a federal crime; needless to say, the waitress was shocked...
You would need to create an issue on their Github-Page. This may require you to have at least a small community.
Otherwise they also allow for plugins that add Syntax-Highlighting.
PrismJS
https://prismjs.com/#supported-languages
Could've said that earlier. They use a library I forgot the name of, which if I recall correctly, allows for small custom language support.
I highly doubt it will even allow you to open any other file type (expect for raster and vector file types), even with a plugin
bro it's for editing MARKDOWN
I mean it's a markdown editing tool, what did you expect
Why are you using ini files in the first place
I hate tattoos
what.
Notion has way more features though.
You should also try that.
... I think Notion is better.
Important thing:\n```Website Structure\nVisual Header: Short Introduction into the company/product\nSocial Proof: Show that people have actually used the company/product\nBenefits: Show what your company/product can do\nFeatures: Show how your company/product provides these benefits\nCall to action: Get the customer to buy/sign up (to newsletter)/contact\n```
anyways Happy Christmas Eve 🎄
Yes. I still find it harmful that billionaires fund big media with special intends
Are you funded by Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation? 🤨🤨🤨🤨
Who could've though that!
Got my second suit on 🤨
Hey Tuner! It's sushi 🍣 time.
I do not recall my message being phrased in a way that may confuse one.
Hey Tuner! What is your opinion on spatulas?
Dot32, have you forgotten all the English classes you have ever had in your life? How does a sentence start? With a CAPITAL letter. You should really try to improve your grammar.
You should do it.
Dog...
sold mine for a very big profit; still got access to it.
The last one is so true
https://youtube.com/shorts/ZfMuUzmZ2qw?feature=share0
Having to wait another day.
Stupid Australian people.
Gifts are gifted tomorrow.
...
Tomorrow is Christmas.
LMAO his beard is going into his nose
I have astonishing 2 hours of experience in Adobe Illustrator. I highly doubt you really want me to create a logo for you.
Meaning the next tool I will have to learn (after I collected some experience in Illustrator)  is InDesign.
Ok so apparently, Brand Identities are made with Adobe Illustrator and Adobe InDesign.
Didn't imagine Illustrator to be this easy.
Custom Typography.
Are you paying 720€ per year for Adobe Creative Cloud
Hello!
Sadly, I do not remember a joke which, as a matter of fact, I tried to tell round about 2 months ago.
I think that was because the joke wasn't funny anymore when translated to English.
she makes very nice videos of stuff
This woman is great
https://www.youtube.com/@abiconnick
I am not allowed to
AND IT'S SIMPLE !!!!
AND IT ACTUALLY LOOKS GOOD
I MADE A LOGO
I HAVE DONE IT
CHEESEMAN + <@207646629140889601> + <@379191617627619328>
in 25 minutes my pizza is ready !
ok SEC required no later than 35 days after ending the fiscal year
<@207646629140889601> Is there a required date when public companies have to publish their quarterly finances
and they harm the enviourment as trees have to DIE for them.
also I tend to loose paper sheets as they suck
so I can study all that shit better
Tuner... I am just putting my notes into Notion 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
I am preparing now, as I have to take them in around 1.75 years.
3 subjects are mandatory: math, english and German.
We have to additionally choose 2 other subjects, one of then has to be chemistry, physics or biology.
I will be taking physics and economics.
Hey tuner! In one year I have to take my final exams.
tuner could never...
https://youtube.com/shorts/lw9va9pwuBw?feature=share
A nice silver watch seems to be an all-rounder for me though.
Of course a simple 20€ Casio can look good depending on your clothes.
I do think these watches are extremely good looking, especially with a nice suit.
https://youtu.be/3V5sjI7OVK4
Many higher prices watches also provide more features. My watch for example has a Tachymeter, a timer, and tells the date.
You need to take into consideration that watches, in our modern society, aren't just there to tell time, but also to look good, as they are an accessory.
Needless to mention, nice looking automatic watches start at around 400€ in my opinion; automatic is according to many people with expertise on watches, preferable due to it's durability and no battery.
And most of the really good looking watches start at 150€, but this is just my opinion - I just haven't seen a watch that was below this price point that fitted my image of a nice looking watch.
I had more than 30 watches on my wrist now, so I think I can confidentially tell you, that the 15€ Casio watch substantially felt worse on my wrist than a 500€ Glashaus watch.
Looks nice, in most cases pretty high quality
Looks nice, not automatic though.
Hes getting a Tommy Hilfiger watch for 200€ now.
The main intention of visiting that store was to find a nice watch for a friend. Well, as you might've guessed, this idea dipped.
Very nice indeed.
The watch was nice though.
Sadly, the store wasn't selling Rolex Watches, otherwise I would've looked at a Rolex Hulk.
OK tuner story time: We had a class excursion this Monday, and naturally, I had a suit on; we went to the cinema and afterwards shopping. There was a nice jeweler and a watch store. Of course I had to visit them. So I walk into the store and the first thing the women did was come up to me and talk to me about watches. They really were ready to sell my 15 year old ass a 3k Omega Watch.
I spent way too much on them
anyways I have 6 suit-shirts now
I don't think we are meant to talk in class unless advised so
as I prefer to have my mouth shut in class
the thing said I'm a lone wolf in class
this isn't true
(unbelievably tasty and delicious)
(I will be having BBQ pizza)
Hey Dot! I'm negotiating to make pizza today.
Inspiration - that's the keyword....
... truly a dot moment.
It seems like there are only like 30 things you need to know to be able to do basically anything.
Illustrator is relatively easy to use.
that's OK pricing, taking to consideration that only Illustrator normally costs 20 buck per month
Oh also for Students Creative Cloud costs 20 buck per month in the first year, and 30 buck a year after the first year
It really gives value to one's life.
You should learn Illustrator too, I think.
I think I am now ready to attempt my first logo.
I watched a shit ton of videos of people making brand designs and identities in illustrator yesterday
happy morning tuner
bruh
fat ass nike symbol
OH NO
How do you have photoshop..
How much do your parents pay for Photoshop
Did you crack it
<@535483016546615302> How much do you pay for Photoshop
I will now get my head around Illustrator.
Everyone agrees. He posted some unfunny stuff in here.
Not funny.
LMAOO
LMAOOO
bacteria under microscope
might have been just a special offer for a limited time though
No,but if I recall correctly they have some free forever
Tuner should rethink his moral compass.
No. Always.
why are you always so mean
we should rename homeless people to urban survival specialists.
thats 24 buck a year
A mail server costs you maybe 2 buck a month
and have a server
yes
+ It's swiss so that's a big plus (Rolex is also swiss)
otherwise Proton seems nice
mailcow
self-hosted
Very Good!
Why are you always so mean
the guys I know that own a shit ton of real estate had millions beforehand
How would you get into real estate
+ my watch wouldn't have costed 350 but 700 buck
I just know it isn't Swiss as this would've been the first thing the watch dealer would've told me
highly doubt
I could legitimately throw up..
mine sadly isn't Swiss <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361>
I do love my Swiss watches
also Swiss
Patek Phillep is also a great watch maker
https://www.hodinkee.com/articles/patek-and-rolex-prices-surge-as-inflation-hits-40-year-high
all the big watch channels make shorts now
Depends on the model, if I recall correctly a Submariner gained 20k in value those year, don't know the model though (saw it on shorts)
an expensive rolex belongs in a safe
of course
LMAOO
Tuner a Rolex is not very volatile.
Preferably into something physical (e.g. a Rolex or Gold)
I think you should invest your money.
Do you actively use OF
the friend that's doing influencer marketing is recruiting OF models rn...............
YES
I forgot to mention that I will also install Illustrator today.
OH also I kinda got insider information on medicine stocks right now (FOR LEGAL PURPOSES: I DO NOT CONDONE INSIDER TRADING AND I DO NOT HAVE THIS INFORMATION)
Good. Am going to work for like an hour now, then reset a pc, then try to recover an old wordpress installation from one of them scam hosters, then go to a big city, then buy stuff, then go home, then dance, then finish the website I am making for a friend who is starting through
 with influencer marketing and management, then dance, then sleep
Tuner...
is that so?
the word "fuck" was used 559 times in The Wolf of Wallstreet
someone else is
oh also I'm not actually paying for it
wouldn't even work in my 720€/year plan
luckily I'm not doing any team work
so I can make my own serif font and try to make some logos
I'm just there for illustrator
what is it ????
<@207646629140889601> I got Adobe Creative Cloud now
Notion is better anyways
If I want it to sync I'd need to pay 60 bucks a year
I tried to get that shit on my phone and I literally had to install git and then clone my repository + find the directory where git cloned it to
THAT IS THE WORST
Coding hipsters
spoiler in your knowledge rush: You can create tables, CV's, diagrams and more in LaTeX
You should really know this.
mf didn't know LaTeX existed
LMAOOOOOO
LMAOOO
LMAOOOOO
(it's played when the main characters seem dead and a camera is slowly going further and further away)
one of the best movies to ever exist.
Which is used in Fear Street 2
This song is as good as this https://youtu.be/HSH--SJKVQQ
https://youtube.com/shorts/NTIHtHQ9xdc?feature=share
This was a BAKING BREAD reference btw.
also banger song
<@207646629140889601> this is the perfect song for ending a movie (when all the characters are dead and a camera shoes their bodies) https://youtu.be/i24nkxr8G8o?t=35
ANYWAYS
OK THEN add AI
Add multiplayer
I do so much with numbers and I still get around without using a numpad
The keychron would be my office keyboard if it wasn't sold out
and I'm not in the keyboard mood right now
there was one but I forgot
it's 120 bucks; even a homeless man could afford this.
they allow for customization as they prefer not selling bullshit (like razor)
why do you need the numblock
it is purely amazing
look at this
https://www.keychron.com/collections/keychron-iso-jis-keyboard-collection/products/keychron-k8-pro-qmk-via-wireless-mechanical-keyboard-iso-layout-collection?variant=40283914666073
I COULD FUCKING THROW UP
FUCKI G BULLSHIT; THE KEYCHRON K8 PRO HAS ISO LAYOUTS NOW BUT ISO-DE IS FUCKING SOLD OUT
(factory)
+ pretty good lubrication
almost feels like self-built (at least that's what the review people say)
one of the best price/quality in the entire keyboard nieche
watch at least a singular review about one keyboard from them
You want a good keyboard and are not willing to pay the according price
pretty big cosmetic thing
I don't think you want to name something lush
belt
Keychron
You're so stupid
I was so fucking pissed of after I exited a cli program 18 times instead of pasting something
and this keyboard layout destroyed my entire day
I tried getting some actual work done today
Holy fucking shit
both suck ass...
also there is an apple mouse and keyboard now
and it's giving me severe eye damage due to this
it's not curved
<@207646629140889601> we got a wide screen in the office now
Tomorrow I will visit the hair doctor.
original tuner moment
professional System-Integration people must have a great life when a big production system fails 👍👍
going to the cinema
while in a train
it's fixed now
I woke up and no single system was online
Hello Oli! I just had my first Systemintegrations moment...
tuner moment
L
many of my classmates need a watch now, while barely even being able to finance their daily cigarettes 💀💀
I got my suit on !
oh nei tuner
Hello <@379191617627619328>
My dad just bought Paramount+. I am truly impressed by the severe amount of bullshit - The lack of Rick and Morty.
USA of US
I bet tuner doesn't even know what wasm is...
tomorrow I will go to the cinema. I will wear a nice suit.
Yesterday's BeReal was very funny 😁 😂
I really don't care if you haven't noticed yet
Disgusting.
dot surely does love flirting with 68 year old women
you're majoring in it
You need it for physics
you should get your knowledge gap fixed by learning CALCULUS...
you're the real bully here.....
tuner that's the most basic knowledge there is; you need to bully these philistines
💀
like a stupid person
so I don't forget
I should document linear algebra
Talking about stuff
yes
half-shadow
edge light-beam
edge
core shadow
and shadows
here's my documentation on light
that's not all btw....
Wrote all this in 1 day
Notion is awesome
I am documenting everything now
yes
Oh also remember this
no natural number is divisible by 0
OK lemme explain
but that's irrelevant
means for
otherwise you will fail in life
<@207646629140889601> always remember this
think for yourself
also divisible without rest
A number is perfect, if all the numbers x is divisible by (except for x itself) added together, makes x
there are many perfect numbers
nah
this
divisible by 1, 2, 3; which make, if you add them together, 6
6 is a perfect number
No it's the correct term 😒
Have you heard of perfect numbers
I have no idea
Have to refresh my knowledge
Calculus is important.
so I'm doing calculus
No I'm bored
idk whats Stammfunktion in english
stem function of f
now it's correct
tuner.. I wondered why my integral was wrong and my mistake was that I forgot to add 9 to -12 🤦‍♂️
Also his name is funny
Your role model should be Raju Rishi. He truly is a guy.
Hey Tuner!
Who is your role model?
cool word
Argumentum ad misericordiam
lmaoooo
LMAAAOOOO L
Italian people founded fascism
opinion on fascism
PIZZA has arrived.
do you even know how to create a cron job
8 buck for a small one, 12 buck for middle and 19 buck for big
so it has to he profitable
and somehow they still manage to finance it
with them energy prices that shit cost a ton of money
otherwise they wouldn't have 4 physical stores
idk seems profitable though
shut up
and them bastards have a 60 buck minimum order value
we're trying to order pizza rn
tuner
about how funny the video was
you're just in denial
Scumbag Dad is a funny youtube shorter
shut up tuner
<@207646629140889601> could never...
so wholesome and inspirational
https://youtube.com/shorts/mTUgFrYOs5U?feature=share
fear of sleep
(self-diagnosed)
I have somniphobia
Oh hell naw <@207646629140889601>
are you globalization?
poor people earn less than what they used to (losers of the globalization) because of industrialization
why
globalization, what's your opinion on this
dot....
This was what I meant, I would support your idea if you actually had experience building a community as it is requires for such a project
big servers can so that, and (at least german programming servers) are doing it, but no one cares about whether little tuner has a discord bot on his server with 2 active people
and people don't come from nothing
if you want something like this to work you need people
I mean you can waste your time on the bot but I bet 10 bucks that there will be no one using it except for maybe revengewizard
as there is no need
this bot would be an extremely big time waster
you have 0 mildy successful projects and no experience in marketing and/or a media presence
even dot server obly has 3 active people and he has a midly successful project
requires an active community
lmao I really dont give a fuck about that points, it's about spam and crypto ads
really great!
now look at this:
```js\nconst TEXT="This is my bullshit text!"\n```
this server has maybe 3 active people and one of them is me
all this would require at least a small active community
remember that a bot reporting me wod require ai, which I don't think you want to fund
I can still post a lot of bullshit but not get any points
big programming discords would require thousands of mods 💀💀
doesn't scale though
manyal verification is the only thing that would work w
for you
I can do that too with a discord form, by just putting a commit tag inside the message, but with the benefit that I can also post about my private repositories, or if I am a beginner about my progress without having to know git
discord allows bots to have buttons which can open a modal
💀
especially for beginners
discord forms would be way easier
using github is just an unnecessary extra step
exactly as much as I can put bullshit in JavaScript
Ican out bullshit in markdown
read this
This idea is the exact same as just having a discord bot that allows you to click a button which opens a form where you can enter your info but stupider and with an extra step
checking this would require heavy use of ai
also markdown would habe to be allowed as people might be posting changelogs
barely possible
how exactly would you do that?
I could push every bullshit in there as github is just a version control interface and doesn't necessarily require code
this was just an example
I create a github repository -> add a markdown file called stocks.md, automatically update this file -> send to bot -> programming update with my stocks
I can create a public repository and post updates on how my stocks are doing; if you implement that system where someone has to verify your content, there is a useless extra step as this can easily be done without having a github repo
this idea isn't very smart
chatgpt
I mean the results of the strong 💪 😅 german school system are greatly presented at the Pisa studies
as you don't learn shit you actually need in real life
economy class seems like a failed attempt to prepare Germans for for the real world
we are forced to
doesn't work for freelancing either as you will get yourself underpriced as fuck
when you start selling a product
which you normally don't have
we wrote half a page of text for that bullshit just for me to find out that not even I won't need it as it is extremely based on a lot of history data
I confused the thing; I meant equilibrium price
I mean you gotta know the exact definition of price as much as you gotta know your network cables
average tuner moment
economy class where I will learn nothing practical and something I will never even talk about in my life
in one hour
can we do secret Santa but you give me money?
12.08.1941
what are you doing
This includes Australia...
anyways; Today I have several things, related to school, planned: Convert 20+ pages of german, English, history, math and physics class to pure digital awesomeness
!!!!
no school until 10
first 2 lessons are dropping
YOOOOO DOT
a shiny material
💀
also Tuner I'm doing physics rn
I am now forced to use the ∝ as LaTeX only supports that...
not standardized stupid shit
OMG both work 🤦‍♂️
∝
LaTeX docs says this is the symbol for direct proportional
what the fuck
🤦‍♂️ me
omg it's really tilde
~~
direct proportional
what is the name of this
<@207646629140889601>
guns, drones and trench warfare
also they advices the victims to build a team against the offender, so they can fight it out like real men on the battlefield
they said it mobbing is bad; so inspirational
I'm reading old notes and found the project we had about mobbing
you're so stupid
for da exams
<@535483016546615302> I think you should digitialize your notes too
in my digital music folder
I also got da symphony, the symphony number 5, the classic and the "Sonatenhauptsatzform"
the page has this icon as he was deaf
I even got a documentation for Ludwig van Beethoven (yes, I it IS indeed a documentation)
look im documenting math
I'm only 3/4 german
OH NO
im impressed
tuner actually knows
I hate them
stupid Christians
just without the sexual abuse
just following the christian tradition
You dad will FaceTime you and make sure you're following tradition; otherwise each day results in 3 punches
rude
oh btw I could buy a nice car now; just couldn't drive it
you don't even fucking know how hearing works
brokie
DON'T EVER wear a Rolex out in London; All them London citizens will try to steal it.
ethics class rn
i have to listen to a talk about Satanism now 💀💀💀
look at it
https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/trait.html
structs, traits, impls
look it's on my phone (in the cloud)
...
I have something important to announce: I'm using Notion now
tuner arrived... 😬😬
not knowing react is mad crazy 💀💀
(This screenshot visualizes that markdown tables can get very big without line-wrapping)
I do not like this
doesn't look too good but also not too bad
it's ok
Tjhankj
to do the highlighting
what was the plugin
<@207646629140889601>
seems like a good plugin
https://github.com/lynchjames/obsidian-mind-map
<@207646629140889601>
<@207646629140889601> opinion on opium???
I think so...
are you a beginner
physics class rn
Its literally -10°C
Wordpress sites are depending on the plugins using both preact and react 💀
OH NO...
oh no...
what's your opinion on Hedgefonds?
uncultured.
Christmas one
no
(the movie)
were watching Madagascar
it turned out really great
I should show you the new website of my agency
... tuner moment; installing bloat and not using it
Namaste.
L
L
very nice plugin
advanced tables
yes
LMAOOO
now we're watching Netflix
I like English class as the teacher apperantly doesn't care that I'm on my phone the entire time
not that cringe bs
use "thanks"
bad language
my text was about why you wouldn't want to visit Australia; no wonder you're not proud.
you're so mean
<:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:agony:923201509703958548> <:agony:923201509703958548> <:agony:923201509703958548> <:agony:923201509703958548>
<@379191617627619328> are you proud of me ???
the teacher worte half a book complimenting me on the sheet
got an A+ in the English class test I took
good website
https://ogp.me/
https://youtube.com/shorts/J28MJKpNPh8?feature=share
I think you might be confusing something here - Tensorflow is a library for machine learning, while I am talking about so-called "no-code" tools.
Almost. I would've used Typeform anyways, as it gives the best form experience, in my humble opinion.
My main focus lays on the Zapier part. Zapier allows you to create worksflows, which is like a program flow.
Here's a quick workflow example: Typeflow send a notification to Zapier. Zapier notices that and runs my workflow: The workflow is like a program flow, but it has nodes defined and not syntax elements. In this example the first node is a "Send Email" Node, which then gives you 2 ways to connect more nodes (ran successfully, error occurred), and so forth.
You should look into it.
I have decided that no-code is in many cases a better option than coding it completely yourself. 
For my client testimonials I am using Typeform, which automatically sends a notification to Zapier. Zapier then continues to save the testimonial to an Airtable and send me an email.
Writing this myself would've probably taken 1 hour or even longer, while this setup took me 5 minutes or less.
Zapier is a SaaS (Software as a Service) product, which allows for no-code integration with over 5000 integrations. A possible usecase might be to write to a database when a new user registers.
Airtable is such a "database", which also allows for no-code automation. A possible usecase might be to store users.
To summarize, I am talking about the no-code movement.
Why don't you have an opinion on this uprising topic?
<@207646629140889601> what is your opinion on platforms like Zapier and Airtable?
He has been accused of third degree murder in several cases.
reminds me of this
depends on if the room was closed or not.
I would file a lawsuit and move to a judicial court, because this violates the so-called "DSGVO", and it is a case under private law, so no higher court is necessary.
I bet <@207646629140889601> is a big supporter of imperialism
L bozo major + language
or Avatar
already watched it though
black Adam seems to be the best out of all the options
we're choosing rn
My class and I are going to the movies
next week
no
I'm such a good musician
pretty sure it's an A
<@207646629140889601> I took music class test today
math class rn
<@379191617627619328> Great Job!
The current Timer bot is automatically pinging you, when your timer is up.
Look what the windows guys added (The big green rectangle is **not** part of the windows thing.)
<@207646629140889601> why don't we make chee a unit
now switch to windows.
Windows Window Manager
<@535483016546615302>
I wear leather shoes on a daily basis now.
parmesan cheese 🧀 🫕
live view of cheeseman:
what's the value you get when ones on your not naughty list? the knowledge of network cable types?
tuner too
you're on Santa's naughty list
that's not the kind of history I want to learn
having to watch a movie from 1979 rn 🤮
why can't you just do it for me
It's history...
We got assigned a task on the 10th of september. I am doing it now.
Hello tuner
so shipping times are OK
the vendor has inventory of them in germany though
Chinese children
stuff like a juicer cup
for now we plan on selling home appliances
plan on going live in January
pretty good, got the basic design, the product and a vendor
OK there will a a media agency
https://www.nopcommerce.com/en
lmao
I don't think that's positively influence my account.
1 follower left
https://twitter.com/iambergerapi/status/1600415874246115328?t=h75HY0ZnhHDwA96ramAjRQ&s=19
Hood thing: I got organic followers now, meaning that my tweets are pushed to some people resulting in more impressions and maybe even likes.
Missed my goal by 2 followers. Very sad.
(I'm home)
I'm literally walking around like this rn
...
I'm a master tweeter.
first comment under this tweet 😎😎😎😎
https://twitter.com/scrumtuous/status/1600122706048974850?t=HF8ZiwGAXbLSlQfsiALrUA&s=19
Hello <@698374767043936327> 👋 🫂
First day results are astonishing! 3 organic followers, with around 30 tweets!
oops
oh and I can generate money by selling to my following once I got a following
because there are many people who made it in life and teach you valuable things
I think quote tweets are a pretty nice tool to gain a following, as it pushes your tweet onto many peoples timelines, once the quoted person likes the tweet. This is assuming the quoted person has a big following.
Many Twitter-Users always like their replies, so this might be a pretty good strategy.
My goal for today is to gain 10 followers. I am applying techniques that I've learned from successful tweeters.
I need to learn copywriting, as it's the key point of marketing - if you are a good writer, the chances are good for you to become a marketer.
**only** executables are all the same - just files. 
You probably mean the experience with using programs, which isn't only dependent on the executable type.
I honestly think, for basic consumers Windows has the best experience, since it allows the user to pretty much configure everything they have to configure (.msi)
Second place in my opinion is shared by Mac and Linux. Both either don't give you options, or are pretty weird to configure for the basic user.
This is just my opinion though, feel free to disagree.
that's okay for 3 hours of work so far.
like 10 in total
Twitter experience so far: round about 400 impressions in total, 2 followers I don't know.
pls like my twet 💪💪💪💪👏👏👏
Emacs is my favorite version of Vim.
Do. It.
Follow my Twitter.
for round about half a year now
yeah that's logical since gpt 3 can easily do that too
https://twitter.com/iambergerapi/status/1600113639997980672?t=h6u4QaBBiMoowzphYIrwWA&s=19
hype!!!!!
in 2 minutes new thread
that's good for the thread
please comment
https://twitter.com/iambergerapi/status/1600052483514138626?s=19
BREAKING: Tturn accidentally freezes his balls
at least dog got the idea of searching for a solution unlike a certain person which im not gonna name
why does this code even include generators
( it was big )
( it was a list of names of pastors that raped )
I just know that german pastors had a list of rape happening, and them mfs burnt the entire list because of "data security"
no idea
there are more of these than sand corns
e.g. https://ministrywatch.com/pastor-accused-of-rape-steps-down-from-church-administering-restoration/
e.g. https://www.al.com/news/2015/09/alabama_pastor_sex_abuse.html
e.g. https://nypost.com/2021/05/24/al-pastor-convicted-of-child-rape-released-early-from-prison/
full of rapist badtard pastors
I hate it
religion
catholic academies can suck my dick
you know what
fuCk you
You're supporting hate-speech
You're supporting hate-speech
Forgescape Gaming and Support
you had exactly the intention of accusing me of being a neo nazi ( I am the victim )
if you were a boss would you be sexist
all you need it xin pin international
no
com.xinpin.<project-name-here>
so I can call my domain
I want a company called Xin Pin International
you see
that's the goal
also react native being bad is also not extreme
kotlin being good aint an extreme option
that's very good
KOLTIN
OHOHO
at least it's not react native that bullshit
cringe
it's not
did you ever pay a corrupt politician
did you ever cheat
if you were a girl, would you do onlyfans and twitch
I killed 2 wasps today ( it was a double kill )
when will you go to band camp
put your hand in a 15mhz tesla coil
. .
how
even though it's completely random
roulette also looks fun
also roulette
fucking learn poker
idk but them painting look good for an untrained eye
https://youtube.com/shorts/zS3rSb--8Uw?feature=share
<@207646629140889601> do you think ringing at a house is trespassing
CleverCoder
did you ever have an attorney
were you ever in court
what is that
BRUH
BRUH
BRUH
what about vapes
mh
also I heard snus causes some mouth cancer
the other one gets chewed
the one is in your mouth
indeed it is
yes
how much do you spend on snus
phone
how many steps you got
I did
and then my grandma reminded me of lunch
scored like 20 tines
I played against myself
what
it's time for rice
FUCKING TUNT
I got them house keys
OK tuntun
ne choroscho
Russian class dropped
ALSO
beik
woe that's a pretty ok percentage for a cs class
how many people are there total
( driving home with a friend rn ( my dad isn't working from hone today so he can't pick me up ) )
pay attention
OH HELL NAW
( I am skill )
( No money )
money and poker don't go well together
nah
It was his own decision to get addicted
( that's good )
now he's addicted
I convinced a friend to play poker
also trun
also hitler was Austrian
art atill sucks
nah got an A
I do not own a measure of when you're online
totally random
( then school end )
( art class rn )
. . . rtun
https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/39533/creamed-tuna-on-toast/
<@207646629140889601> 
Recipe: Put tuna and milk in a mixer. Turn it on. 
Now you got the most delicious drink. Did I mention it's alcohol free?
<:pain:923203371249336361>
You can go in fullscreen on youtube and then scroll
UH
you got that char[]
nah
ok do strcmp
depends on what you want to do ???
if they are sure that you reached it
why does it say may
. . . tun
otherwise marco it is
Yes
. . . ultrakill
if you define a macro
#define L_BOZO = 1 + 1
The computation will be done every time it's called, while
const int g = 1 + 1
does it one time
also Recursive acronym
this should throw a warning
c sharp . . .
Asp.NeT
nopCommerce
11 buck trun
when will you become a politician
I got stripe api keys now
mfs choosing the most boring job out of all them options
BRUH
we were 27 people last year and now were 12 people because all the dumbfucks left
Russian class tomorrow
. . .
THE GUY JUST MADE A STRANGER TGINFS REFERENCE
SIR TTUN
otherwise every second round is a public flush
I need to learn how to shuffle better
good
does this count as flush
https://www.twitch.tv/pokernighttv
watch this
fucking dog
fucking <@207646629140889601> I got elected as class representative again
no
I'm not a programmer, I'm a code writer <:realnice:923205783016079440> <:realnice:923205783016079440>
no but
probibly
https://render.com/
put your bot bot here
<@516976811981144065>
Original Gangster
so i can use that
also waiting on a friend to finish his 3d engine
I'm quite literally now
once im free
to recreate Mozart music
once im free I want a music tool
and without learning a big ass program
without this entire music theory bullshit
because now I can finally create software to make music
GAMER MOMENT
IMGUI HAS A SEQUENCER EXAMPLE
SIR TTUN
nah imma make that myself
and then replicate Mozart songs
in C++
eith wgWidget
I want a music tool
Sir ttun
OH HELL NAW MUSIC TOOL IN THE BACK
Good
can 3 4 10 7 be a flush
OK ttun
red green blue and white
what are the best values for 4 chips
<@207646629140889601>
I just lost a fucking all in
I'm playing with my brother rn and he beating me <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361>
IN FUCKING PRODUCTION
zi found a type
fucking ttun
the odds of a royal flush are 649739/1
BRUH <@207646629140889601>
Sir TTUN
Sir trun
didn't you fucking read
I got my fucking poker set
OMG hey
<@207646629140889601>
it's quite literally general knowledge
learn poker
ONG CHEE
INDEED
DAD JUST TOLD NE MY POKER SET ARRIVED TODAY
OMG CHEE
don't think so
that's funny
dot be mad after I said australia sucks
the general public asked
anyways I get my poker set tomorrow
I really like to forget useless informations
that'd mean germany had more citizens than australia
what
and kangaroos
we watched a video about Australia and it showed pictures of Australia
why tf are you gaming
<@207646629140889601>
there we go
since it thinks im a time
it'd be better if you'd use niclas and not 6am
this is so weird
dumbass che
first one is not even 1% related
second one is the best
risk everything and then win everything with my money monopol
then my tactic wouldn't work
It gets really funni when you hve more than 6 people
you played very weird
but I think you were mostly the reason why I had so much
no offense
Dog
yeah I lost against him a bunch of times
ikd like 8k
wanted to leave
did all in
0
(i think)
public service
probably pays not really good
this guy is doing research at an uni
masters thesis
(in english)
(he's reading his masters thing)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jtlt51AZzCw
they deserved it for having an address like that
ship some elephant shit there
Mühlweg 15, Nürmberg, Germany
oh Im so fucking hyped to get my poker set
I'm smoking dog and tuna in poker rn <:archcooler:923203418170998845>
time for another toast first
soon
i know 2 more people that I think can play poker
<@207646629140889601> if we find enough people we can do a tournament
what's intended stack
that's because it is
OK I'm down now
imma make myself a toast and then we can play
indeed
no good
I literally drank half the bottle of the cinder and now my stomach aches a little bit
yeah
your uni people remind me of him
Sean Parker
Napster
which then got sued for copyright infringement on multiple occasions
the guy who founded the software that allowed you to listen to music online
this reminds me of the friend of Mark Zuckerberg
it even looks good
yeah
yeah but as you already said, I'm only gonna use it for poker, so
Holy fuck
it's the stupidest shit ever
lmao I helped a friend with some school stuff once and after we were done we talked and she stated that she doesn't know why she drinks alcohol
yeah it looks cool but 20 bucks is a bit much
Holy fuck it has vr
free ones
any alternatives that are as good?
Holy fuck
how much is it
if there were more people like you guys on my school id also have way more friends
many like-minded people
you're going to uni
this should be easy asf for you
is this like where I setup a camera?
family and friends
ok my poker set is arriving on Tuesday
ok got that
oh
Ok
oh good
would this work?
ok i got that ig
good
nah
yeah but what does that mean
I didnt understand what that means
Casino Poker Chip Set,300PCS Poker Chips with Aluminum Case,11.5 Gram Chips for Texas Holdem Blackjack Gambling https://a.co/d/8hEhPjP
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contract_bridge
already sounds disgusting ngl
bitter liquor with 30%
it is
or is that a german thing
<@207646629140889601> so you know Ramazzotti
egg liquor
Eierlik�r
no idea
even though it's not wine
and cider apperantly Apfelwein
we just call that Apfelschorle
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apfelwein
so it's my fault
that translates to cider
and that is apple wine
mum said its Apfelwein
OH I KNOW WHY
nah
it also tastes like the memory I have of wine
mum said it's wine
but this wine taste is disgusting
it has apple mixed with it
the rhubarb taste is OK
I got some red rhubarb wine rn and this wine taste is so fucking disgusting
what do you think of wine
it's literally disgusting
wine tastes like shit
mh
as an example: I get a J and a 10, the program tells me that there is a possibility of a royal flush
since if I know I got a good set and at least a small chance of a full house, I can make decision faster and probably with less error quote
I think it could be
if I get a pair my chances of a full house, a three/four of a kind are higher than if I don't get one
It can
1 round starts, get your 2 cards, which you then enter into the program, the program then proceeds to tell you the chance of getting a royal flush, flush etc. and if you should call of fold, if you call, you proceed to enter thr 3 public cards and it tells you again, how good your chances of winning are, and if you should call of fold
ok lemme give you a better explanation
and if it's a website you just select the card
either if it's a cli tool with your keyboard by pressing the according numbers, with the type and the value as format
then you cab input the public deck and it'll give you more statistics
you give the program your deck and it calculated the chance of getting a good hand
poker statistics
so basically
ttun gamer, I got an idea and I need you to rate it
being rude is not a very top g behavior of you
redux is poger
why
haven't tried zustand though
or zustand
anyways please use next with redux
angular is a ts framework (angilarjs got deprecated like a decade ago )
are you using angular
anyways <@207646629140889601>
ttun not be knowing general knowledge
control
role based auth and attribute based auth
and does it have acab and rbac implemented by default
how easy is authentication and authorization in blazor
anyways ttun
I bought niclas.lol for 2 buck
anyways <@207646629140889601> <@379191617627619328>
Ok I couldn't <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361>
saving ftw
I think I could do that, but since I don't even have a driver's license and that'd be a high amount of my bank account imma pass
it's a 5 seat hyper sport car
( hydrogen powered )
the car I want is 1.6 million
n a h
I'm not _that_ good at poker
I'm so fucking good at it
<@207646629140889601> I soon got 400k in poker
simple, tells a lot, looks neat
https://paco.me/
this is the best portfolio
ALSO
can't run it on the edge anymore
unless you have anything database it'd pretty much useless and inperformance to use such a framework
yeah but what
logical assumption
didn't see anything dynamic on your current website and you're saying you're redoing it
why exactly are you using blazer for a static website
https://youtube.com/shorts/jm3PvMV5JQs?feature=share
what do you think of tonic water
yeah I don't
im costuming so much carbonated drink every day
od have some giga form of cancer if that was true
he also said, that many people don't know that chemo is actually causing cancer as well
oh yeah
You see, I had to listen to a co conspiracy theorist yesterday, and mf though that carbonation causes cancer, and the government company carbonates drinks so we all get cancer
never really spoke so
nah
auditory processing disorder
how high is your self esteem
OK
how high is your self confidence
sir ttun
can you at least build a drone with a diesel engine
https://youtu.be/LmEcyQnfpDA
do this
SIR TRUN
https://youtube.com/shorts/ffXZgJ13EHM?feature=share
also
sir ttun, how do I get a typewriter
in da air
you sit in the plane and do a flip with it
nah
do you think you could do a flip with a boing 747
also
I burnt about 200k in poker today
fucking ttun
I decided to buy a real poker set
phone game
FUCK TTUN
I think I'm addicted
trun ...
AND THIS IS PRODUCTION
mfs forgot the space after the comma
first line
also look at this
I always have a pre-level of depression because you always shame me
why
and people that say "everything is shit"
what do you think of depressed people
<@207646629140889601>
not even talking about the times your engine just fails and your Pico shuts down
it probably wouldn't
and then light it
you just need to buy small amounts of wood
just think about the money you could save !
Sir ttun
( ttun can you do that ? )
https://twitter.com/mdb036/status/1566027254173470720?t=rX8AVUrTHhxs0lMsssQhXA&s=19
I die
I am quite literally not
withdrawal symptoms
Yes
uh
them things if you don't take the drug
the
at least I don't have the things that addicts have
. . . .
( I'm not addicted so I can just stop )
mah
haven't drunken da poison in 3 days
why is it 2 already
now I die
how
<@535483016546615302> do you know when you die ? ? ?
<@207646629140889601> <@535483016546615302>
<@207646629140889601> do you think I can mark my discord as private property
also this wouldn't even be illegal since in this case he's giving out the infos himself
<:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361>
now we can only hope
I asked for 2
then we got that triangle
and warakurna
Ok I'll ask the distance to exmouth
Ok does he live in western australia
<:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361>
<@207646629140889601> will you participate
OH GREAT
but that can't be
it's like someone's adding messages
why does this bot always surprise me
hm maybe he's stupid enough to forget it in 2 weeks
then I can try it
I hope he doesn't read this
now it's ruined <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361>
hey dot what's the distance to x
I bet I could just do the
so it's basically just searching for a tool and then entering information
that do the circle stuff
there are tools iirc
yeah but I don't really care that much so
I can surely do ot
any distance is OK, if it's on Google maps
I mean stuff like distance from some big ass cities on goopfe maps
nah
they have more than 3 point though ig
google has a tool that does it via latencies
not really
yeah but I need to find him myself
and then creating/using software to locate him
specifically 3
asking dot how far he is from certain cities
I got an idea
Ok so ttun
<:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361>
I know
( that's a german youtuber )
it'd be the funniest shit ever
I'm hoping dot really believes that I made a face reveal
talking about hair
oh hell naw
( say something controversial)
( I need a conversation to start )
<@207646629140889601> what is on your mind rn
TTUN, we need to eat
. . .
tun
first request was successfully converted to typera
Sir Ttun
no
( they make the big money )
L8 engineer
the name basiclally says it, it's in te middle of the clinet and the handler
yes
it's a function that runs before you actually handle the request
```js\nhandle("/capybara", () => {\n     // This'd be the middleware\n     const user = getUser()\n})\n```
it basically like this
instead of having the same code for all the routes that require the user, you just put a middleware in front of it
You have multiple requests which require the user to be authenticated, so in this case, you'd need to get the token and then request the user in the database always in the handler
not having to write the same code 100 times over and over
( the request contains the token )
yes
and in the handler I can then access the uer
runs before this code becaue I defined it as middleware
this code
middleware runs before the actual code of the request, so you can inject stuff like user
then runs middleware and after that executes actual code
gamer.com sees: TTUN SENT MESSAGE  ! !!  !!
you send request to gamer.com
OK so
It's the simplest shit ( I knew this when I first touched express ( with 11 ) )
and I wrote middleware
I drank water
. . . ttun
you're quite literally personality shaming me rn
you're quite literally typo shaming me rn
yeah I'm pretty sure dathersday isn't tomorrow
shit happens
yes
( because of you )
I am depressed now
smirk shaming
Yes. But you are ugly shaming and you should get punished for that
https://youtube.com/shorts/r1mmZKDOfZc?feature=share
yes
nah I was about to send you thr hair I got on my id but then I noticed it looks like bullshit
ok I don't got no hair
Sadly
I got hair
proof
have you ever though about going completely bald
dot dot
tuntun be not knowing da mozzarella
what do you think of sheds
AND
mozzarella
but
No
tuntun
mozzarella
No
it's good for your eyes
remember staying away from your pc for a little while
lil ttun
that means its time for basketball
I got my basketball
lil ttun
what do you think of sheds
lil ttun
xx dot xx
Also trun
no one does
gejgzjwtj6i36i46k4ukeyketjafjsfjsgieykjstisjjwtjjsgk47k4n4yj4yk
up to 6 individual songs per video, an entire story, and this fucking production level
also these videos are probably the ones that take the most effort to produce
yeah maybe thr first 11 seconds you say  but the rest of the story is extremely cool
what
it's a story and rhey integrate copies of famous songs into a story
and the production grade makes it even more funny
this is the funniest shit ever
how tf
bbn$ had him on stage on his live tour because of that
also I send you the link to the first song
and it's poger
they have a story with music
https://youtu.be/kxHfPFnMVaA?t=90
just look at the level they're producing at
you don't need to understand what they saying
https://youtu.be/kxHfPFnMVaA
wait lemme get an example
they produce videos on a movie grade level and add music to it
its not
very poger
https://youtu.be/rKidiBm4JGk
Spin off of a youtube series releases today
YEAH YEHA
today is red bull time
FUCKING TTUB
I can't either
fucking discord
blazer
the thing looks cool asf
C#
I want to use a Java Framework so bad, but this entire Security Shit makes it so bad and over-complicated
Idk I should've thought a bit more when I set up the project
Hello.
now I'm using NestJS so I have something really robust
(I'm pissed)
but I noticed I made a big mistake and am now writing everything again
I do
I'm bored and need a conversation
random things happen
<@207646629140889601> HOW ARE YOU DOING TODAY, SIR ?
oh no che
there's your problem
how about you hire a marketing team
FU K NO
idoz
when will you achieve fame like idol
steam does not work
we call en Klopfer
with da high %
that you need to shake before drinking
<@207646629140889601> what do you call these small things
like on ceremonies and if I really want to taste something
( as I said, tomorrow's the say )
also <@207646629140889601> still haven't touched red bull
yall over exaggerating
I drink 1 per day
like veery day 4 liters of water
nah you can't tell me no one of you has ever taken a sip of beer or wine
yes
now that I know that ttun disrespects me as a miophonic person and all the pressure I just need to <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361>
I'm turning on a lighter with the sparks of another lighter rn
Tell ttun that he's disrespecting misophony people
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Misophonia
( I am the one with misophony ( self diagnosed ) )
( I'm the victim )
( and you're disrespecting it )
( a serious mental illness )
I can't stand someone smacking
that's exactly what I have
when you get into a rage brcause of sounds
MISOPHONIA
that's better than things
or slurping
sounds like smacking
better would be I get pissed at sounds oftrn
why ain't there a word <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361> <:pain:923203371249336361>
nah don't think that's it
and it's this kind of pissed where I would like to punch one in the face
I get pissed at small things so often
there has to be a word for it
Nah
<@207646629140889601> what's it called when you get super annoyed of things like smacking
yeah nice, with whoms money
they want less tax, but make stuff you pay money for, free at the same time
Also <@207646629140889601> the people that git voted to lead the state are totally dumb fucks
idk for how long but I did it
DUCKINF TTUN
and school is bullshit
believe it or not, it's school
nothing
No
in front of da school
bruh lmao giga super cringe
(insert Im still standing here)
HOW ARE YOU DOING TODATY
TTUN_13
HOW ARE YOU DOING TODAY
XX_CHEESEMAN_XX
FUCK YES
ITS SCHOOL END TIME
FUCJING CHEE
Fine.
Hello!
<@207646629140889601> I have a serious question. What would you call the interface for methods of executing trades?
Executors sounds so harsh.
says he makes a "lua" like language, actually makes a lisp like language
also he's german
I can't fucking believe you already spent more than 4 hours today on this 💀
💀💀💀
looking up to tuner 💀💀
Im pretty sure that I didnt fall this deep
(network engineers are factually worse than software/data/system integration/hardware engineers
mf really spent 7 hours doing this shit 💀
I don't care about the results <:kek:923235548326412358>
You're wasting your time..
Fuck this took way to long to implement
Indeed! This makes pattern recognition easier to do
Now I can combine indicators
Maybe I should do something against this
This happening is completely logical but not really necessary, just makes pattern recognition harder
Chris..-
Wow!
intentional misinformation
tuner...
You're getting robbed
grab the next 1911 and go check
in always up until normally 3am
to get stuff done
today's an exception
because new year
Anyways I have to complain about a certain thing
I wanted to do papertrading today l
with a program called trading view, which allows me to have indicators and an overall good overview of the price
this program supports multiple exchanges, which is logical as crypto is based on supply and demand of the exchange, so each of them have different prices
Now, all these big exchanges don't offer demo-accounts, and the ones that do, either have a scuffed interface, or their fucking prices on their website don't even update
I guess I'll have to write a simple simulator website on my own... At least some big exchanges provide their data for free...
or even better yet
just a cli program
I don't think Ill be needing a website, I mean I have the chart on tradinview
<@207646629140889601> futures or perpetual, what do you find better
Anyways got my trading simulator in cli done
now I'll do some due diligence
and company research
finances
Never could've though that SBF is an idiot 😳
How can that be!!!
<@535483016546615302> do you really call your teacher "teach" <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358> 💀💀
https://youtube.com/shorts/dcTHFhbtPsA?feature=share
he certainly does.
I bet you call your teach something stupid
Hello <@207646629140889601> <@698374767043936327>! What is your opinion on trading long-term based on due diligence
how much money do you need to retire
literally how
Schwab told me that a solid amount is 175k
I also calculated how much I'll have at retirement on their website
some American bank
they make good automated company research
If I keep making money like I am right now, and keep my investment strategy, they predict that I'll have 1.9 million buck
https://www.schwab.com/retirement-planning-tools/retirement-calculator
Oh yeah sure, we also have pension where you don't necessarily need to have money saved up to retire, you get your pension if you worked
I mean how much money do you want to retire to have a nice life
🤦‍♂️so you don't want to have a nice vacation at some point?
At least I can go on some trips when I retire <:swaghappy:939491678836895765>
anyways I've come to the conclusion that cryptocurrency is pretty much gambling
especially when trading with derivatives
and leverage
Very nice.
Do you like options or futures more
I'll get used to writing due diligences proficiently and then I'll sell you trading them due diligences
(due diligence is basically conpany research with the intend of buying the company or shares of a conpany)
at least you don't have to spend 30k on a due diligence made by Goldman Sachs
which is in the end basically also just public information compiled into one pdf
do you prefer options or futures (including prepetual futures)
Kotlin compiles to JavaScript
My portfolio should have at least 70% low risk investments (= index funds), and 30% risk investments (=single stocks, commodities, etc.)
This way I have a solid ground to not loose all my money
and have a chance to make more money than the 5% a diversified index portfolio would bring me
and with correct stock allocation and due diligence, a long term run with stocks is barely risky, even though it's totally more risky than index funds
The due diligence I have seen fron big investment banks don't seem to be structured in a way that no one could do a due diligence, I think pretty much everyone with enough time could write them, as there are extreme amounts of websites that provide data about public companies
Drag and Drop API
https://web.dev/drag-and-drop/
they even describe you how you do something like you did
just horizontal
I mean react-draggable seems to use the drag and drop api
and react-draggable is used by trello iirc
and the trello clones also use react-draggable
💀
Yes with index funds I'm betting that the world economy will go up
because thats not predictable
gambling
thinking that a stock will go up based on catalysts also is gambling, as the AAPL stock surely won't go up when they release their VR/AR thing
Gambling isn't predictable, while investing allows you see facts which will most likely affect the stock price
also what else do you want to do against inflation 💀
I think you don't understand the thing behind due diligence
You don't invest in the stock, you invest in the company, and if your due diligence results in the fact that you dislike the company, you don't invest
that's why due diligence exists: if the financial position of a company is good, their product has quality, they manage their employees good, the stock most likely goes up
and this isn't just logical thinking, guess how Warren Buffet got his billions? By betting on the stock market? sure!
Sure, but the company will surely recover from that
seems to have recovered
you think too short-term
good investments always bring good return, you just need to have patience and find a good company with a good product you would actually want to support
I might go as far and say that a big investment bank saw their financial position
and why should they literally take the free money
Not investing is just stupid, you just get your money eaten away
while with investing in an index fund, you at least get to keep your money
which is also nearly risk-free
They're even about to rise 💀
Such scandals don't work on the long-term
That would be illegal
very illegal, actually
It's called capitalism, and that's the only thing that would work with our society
at least it's not a world where no one works
You're storing all your blog entries in the repo though <:archgross:923203406892523532>
...
I though you weren't a web dev <:sadCat:923204325633847337>
lmao
You can still store the blog articles better...
Notion
or Airtable but that's not specifically made for markdown
I would be if he wasn't writing his blogs once every year
too long
would never buy that
very bad to remember
AYE
I can code my email filters in ProtonMail's own programming language (e.g. I receive an email over my relay and my custom code automatically tags it as Relay)
hel
should've just used anime.js
like a normal person
probably would've been way easier
the drag and drop api should give you some methods and from then on you can just use the transform property or even better yet anime.js
where you then can limit y however you want
that's how react-draggable works if I am not mistaken
<:kek:923235548326412358> 💀
got 1350
<:kek:923235548326412358> 🫵
<:kek:923235548326412358> 💀
ever heard of github?
they use ruby
ever heard of twitch?
wwb development
with RUBY on RAILS 🚈 😍 💕 💖 ❤️ 💓
web...
they be putting rails on da poor ruby.... <:kek:923235548326412358> <:swagpeek:1038376995698004000> <:swagpeek:1038376995698004000> <:sadCat:923204325633847337> <:sadCat:923204325633847337> <:sadCat:923204325633847337>
Casio watch looks good
I prefer a real clockwork though
what do you think?
...
💀<:kek:923235548326412358>
tuner intentionally making himself look ugly
it adds a bitter note
https://herrenuhren-xxl.de/wp-content/uploads/casio-uhren.jpg
💀<:kek:923235548326412358>
💀
if ruby on rails didn't exist ruby wouldn't be used anywhere
the language os extremely slow in itself, and wouldn't compete with python or R
I meant competing in a sense of usage
rails gave it a reason to pretty much not be deprecated forever
tbh I can barely read that
remembering a domain should be easy
💀
he be thinking your tld can be anything you can think of
doesn't work like that sadly
but it would be cool
yeah because they bought the tld
we surely won't be able to afford any custom tld any time soon
ICAAN
yes
google did it too
there also should be an oracle tld iirc
ok so you would need to apply for a custom tld and then they quote you, which surely won't be a number below 7 figures
that's a completely different thing
a domainless website would also fuck up dns
there isn't.
There's only a handshake version of .js
but handshake is bullshit and not standardized
so you can't access it without changing your dns server
handshake is another decentralized shit platform
this time it's for domains and custom dns regions
I wouldn't even bother even thinking about buying a hdns domain
it seems like a thing for the biggest crypto advocates which loose all their money in a crypto rug-pull at some point
I was laughing at you
for your stupid decisions
burger King
💀💀💀<:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358>
that's like
first grade math
careful tuner, soon you will learn that this is also a true statement
x^{\frac{m}{n}} = \sqrt[n]{x^m}
💀
For the people that can't read latex
<:angreCat2:1060457613474680893>
<:kek:923235548326412358>
very wise
Have you ever seen a 100€ bill (in real life)
ofc
sad they're not producing them anymore <:pain:923203371249336361>
got my suit on
<:kek:923235548326412358>
tuner is always aggressive when people try to dress themselves nicely
I pay enought taxes, no worries <:kek:923235548326412358>
is that a joke
you don't need to ask me the most simple math questions tuner
I mean I can share  yo my notes on this topic (forgot the name of it in English)
I have it all written down
https://forest-blue-8b0.notion.site/Potenzen-337f68a31e9a4e96a03f0c205676e609
I have everything written down
more than 120 pages of math
converted from sheet to digital page
ofc it isn't 💀
in fact, I even have the arithmetic mean written down and fully explained
No.
You write it yourself like I did.
I spend a whole day!!
spent
tuner hating things isn't good for your mental health
Youtube shorts comment section
sad that it's too much effort for me to create these message blobs that kewl always sends, otherwise I would've used it every time you sent a message
Alright 👍
I mean it's a mix between elephant and discord mod
sure...
<:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358>
<:kek:923235548326412358>
oh no chisman wasting its time
Yes, you do. Tuner too.
Of course.
Use it.
That's how you learn everything
I meant to ping the previous message
Kubernetes, Nomad, Terraform, MinIO (S3), AWS/Azure/GCP/Vultr, and all the other stuff I sometimes recommend to learn. Can't think of anything else rn, but there's more
Acorn
I used everything except for Terraform, as it requires me to pay the cloud people extensively
Very nice of them
saves a lot of time, so I heard
also save your time writing kubernetes manifests and just use acorn.
It's made by the ex-founder of Rancher
(he's very smart and wise)
actually you should at least learn the basics of them kubernetes manifests if you plan to use it at work, but for personal projects acorns is the best option imo
We just ignited a 150g firecracker
haha funny poop
(tuner could never)

<@207646629140889601> https://youtube.com/shorts/jfyVI8b0aUM?feature=share
everybody gangster until the snow starts speaking finnish 😔😬
💀
media creation tool with integration for marketing
tuner when will we play black ops 2 together
<:pain:923203371249336361>
Tuner you need go remember one thing: the more you fuck around, the more you find out.
it's directly proportional
anyways
upwork seems better than fiverr
more professional
and better (paying) clients
yes
both work on upwork iirc
the major difference is the pay; upwork people mostly pay per hour, so I heard
no idea
yes ofc
<:kek:923235548326412358>
the clients budget is higher though
also gumroad seems like a nicer platform, which was made worse by them taking 10% on every sale since January 1st. The platform kinda allows you to do everything, sell products, courses, services etc.
Fiverr has a credit system, so when the clients pay and you finish the order, you get credits, which you can withdraw
to paypal, your bank account and a bunch of other stuff I forgot
go play in the snow, tuner
goofy ahh dot 😬😔
dor32 🤨
dor!
look at the explosion of the firecracker we ignited yesterday

(it was 150g)
(it was loud)
(it was cool)
Logan Saul Paul
Better Saul Paul
best thread ever ✨️
yes you do need to use npm
oh also some weird ass cli tool
I successfully made Pina colada 🥶 🧊
transpiler
or they put an interpreter into there <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358>
<:kek:923235548326412358>
I can proudly announce that I don't play any game at the moment. Many people have fell into the deep hole of addiction, to the point of withdrawal symptoms; a prime example would be Tturna. I ain't a part of this misery anymore.
Correct answer.
bs'ing tuner is the best
<@207646629140889601> I got my blue suit on right now
I ate fricassee
(very german of me (at least I think it's german, even though it's probably not))
👍
<:kek:923235548326412358> 👍
dead chat
dead server
dead everything
everything because of tuner...
No
oh, ok 👍
I hate when people list SQL-Injection as disadvantage of Web, because it's just a human error
if people would use SEQUEL correctly, there wouldn't be SEQUEL injections
also sequel injection isn't exclusive to the web...
what's wrong with cli tools in java 💀💀<:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358>
I'm pretty sure that some of my cli tools use arrow keys
do something **productive**
https://youtube.com/shorts/u0jxHkAfZZs?feature=share
mf got Vivaldi on his car 💀💀
then add them
wouldn't it be easier to just hardcode these 9 values instead of spending weeks on this? 💀
idk I don't even know what youre doing
so something like 16/9
I have no idea but the organizations I'm in doesn't show any email 💀
it just shows the country

https://github.com/ThatsNotTrue
just created this, entered my email, doesn't show up
Or maybe I, as the owner, just don't see it <:kek:923235548326412358>
billing address
even though they don't charge shit
I would walk laps around China of they charged my email address <:kek:923235548326412358>
very unlikely
why would that sound cursed
is your email fucking exposing your full address or why does it need to be protected like a holy grail
ok school for the first time in 4 weeks
life was so easy, and now school comes and fucks everything up
anyways I need to do a weird thing after school
12 domains, and each domain should lead to a different landing page for SEO
either I will just configure a reverse proxy to lead to /landing-page-1, or I check on the origin on the application site (next or svelte)
<@698374767043936327> what so you find better
google.com e.g.
ok school time!!!
YES
stupid chee <:kek:923235548326412358>
call them annotations though
way better naming
OHOHOHOOHKH
Finally
tuner is learning the good stuff
a bit late, but at least you learn it
Terraform and proxmox together is good
there's an interface for proxmox in terraform
don't have a proxmox server rn though, so I can't play around with it
Sex simulator and Sex interface for human use
<:kek:923235548326412358>
I find the way Java does it better
but that'd require you to add the thing I forgot the name of
where you can access the function informations at runtime
uh
reflections
Nah
Java annotations are just sets of informations, while python requires a function
could've known all that 2 years prior to that class
Yes 💀
you should really use the generator though
I forgot it's name
yes
yeoman
because there's a separate server for the language suggestions
thats why its called language server
vscode also has a tutorial on that
I can't tell you shit
I did it once by just following the docs
can't tell you more about it, especially because I forgot 97,87% of it
I literally told you 3 times already that I can only tell you to refer to the docs
<@207646629140889601>
the process of highlighting, autocompleting etc. is mostly split into the server and the client, the client is in this case the plugin, which just interfaces with the server. This infrastructure is there to allows the language server to be reused for different clients (e.g. you wrote one for, and implemented it in vscode, now you can take it and implement the server in neovim, without rewriting the actual tokenizing, highlighting etc. part)
the server just does tokenizing and autocompleting
vscode: Hello lsp I would like the autocompletion, this is my code: CODE
lsp: there you go: [AUTO_COMPLETE, ...]
theoretically
would be a pain in the ass to implement the protocol though
and the language would need to be running at all times
so I would advise against it
same thing
you would need to implement the protocol
so you would need a network package in your language
no idea
would be cool to have them though
12 bucks
◇ bucks
💀💀
Starbuck
🌟 buck
winner winner chicken dinner
BUY 250 AAPL call options
Normally, one buys thing that benefit one. This case is no different, so I will have to refuse, as it doesn't seen to benefit me.
open-sauce
oh also, quick tip: remove unnecessary Javascript by using qwik city
quick tip and qwik <:kek:923235548326412358> you see what I did there <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358> <:swaghappy:939491678836895765> <:swaghappy:939491678836895765> <:swaghappy:939491678836895765> <:swaghappy:939491678836895765> <:swaghappy:939491678836895765> <:swaghappy:939491678836895765> <:swaghappy:939491678836895765> <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358>
who is that??? <:swagpeek:1038376995698004000> <:swagpeek:1038376995698004000> <:swagpeek:1038376995698004000> <:swagpeek:1038376995698004000> <:swagpeek:1038376995698004000> <:swagpeek:1038376995698004000>
commercialize Timer Bot™️
commercialize Timer Bot™️
commercialize Timer Bot™️
💀
captn shithouse
not even vite <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358> <:kek:923235548326412358>
commercialize Timer Bot™️
💀
jail
someone got to do it <:swaghappy:939491678836895765>
paying the electricity bill for the bot just to get nothing
time to write them an invoice
tuner you know what pisses me off
I opened a new bank account
sent them my birth certificate etc. and these mfs straight up ignore me for 25 days noe
you know what sucks about this api
this little shittery doesn't list more than 1000 when you use their search function, and pagination doesn't work
you guys be acting like github api is rocket science 💀💀
that's vanilla
tur used ract if I recall correctly
Do you know what a rest api is 💀
will not execute
this will just log 2 messages
thats a state
OK I got pissed so I wrote the same thing
to see whether it's really that hard
well
2 minutes of effort
creating the project took longer because of windows
It's listing all of his repos
it's filtered though
🤦‍♂️
in vanilla
react is a bit differnt
also I got types
what achievement? <:kek:923235548326412358>
https://rblxwild.com/
holy fucking shit 💀
roblox community got their own stake
Anyways tuner
```ts\nimport React, { useEffect, useState } from "react";\nimport "./App.css";\n\n/**\n* An interface for the repository returned by the Github API.\n*/\ninterface UserRepositories {\nname: string;\nurl: string;\nstars: number;\nforks: Number;\n}\n\nfunction App() {\nconst [projects, setProjects] = useState<UserRepositories[]>([]);\n\n// Not good. Instead, react-query or alternatives should be used.\n// To improve the experience further more, move to SSR.\nuseEffect(() => {\nfetch("https://api.github.com/users/Tturna/repos?per_page=100")\n.then((response) => response.json())\n.then((data) => {\n// Mapping to the interface, because of Github's way of naming some variables\nconst rawProjects = (data as Array<any>).map((it) => ({\n...it,\nstars: it["stargazers_count"],\nurl: it["html_url"],\n})) as UserRepositories[];\n\n// Filtering, as we do not want irrelevant repositories.\nconst filtered = rawProjects.filter((project) => project.stars > 1);\n\nsetProjects(filtered);\n});\n}, []);\n\nreturn (\n<div className="App">\n<h1>Tuner...</h1>\n{projects.map((project) => (\n<div className="project">\n<p>Name: {project.name}</p>\n<p>Stars: {project.stars}</p>\n\n<a href={project.url}>Click here!</a>\n</div>\n))}\n</div>\n);\n}\n\nexport default App;\n```
tha might be because I also have types
The "advantage" of CSR 😔
can you please finally finish your implementation
TUNER...
EVER HEARD OF FLEX
width 100% on the parent element
Why don't you create a desktop application...
that would be the most reasonable thing to do
but we're not reasonable here
Are you using IIS Server
BRO YOURE LITERALLY MICROSOFT
HOW DONÄT YOU KNOW
If you click on the run options in VS you should see it
it's the bullshit web server from microsoft
like Apache
that's not IIS but it answers my question
https://stackify.com/what-is-iis-express/
oh yeah ASP uses it
Did you watch American Psycho
the movie was so funny
we watched it yesterday as it's off of netflix starting today
bro really put all the words into the source file 💀
pitiful
OK so basicallly
we had to plan a trip to australia in da english class
vistiing this stupid island costs fuckinfg 11k
am I stupid or what
(only the flight)
oh yeah we also planned going to the casino
I am always doing something
I might start a project soon
as my calendar is pretty empty in the next 2 weeks
and I'll use go
the language thatm all sigma males use
including Patrick Bateman
you're so stupid
it's obviously go
shoulve used elexir
actually
they are
their voice servers are written in elexir
just use docker...
https://youtube.com/shorts/t7RfpgS1I8Q?feature=share
Shalom
shalom reminds me of the one scene in the office
shalom would you like to apply for a loan
https://youtube.com/shorts/QfUN_Ph1XPA?feature=share
hOMG IMAGINE 11 bucks
why are you Dorothy
dot is short for dot product
OMG tuner
hjabe you heard about bar chart
imagine dragons
Oli
good
how about you
WE JUST LOST THE GAMEB ECAUSE MY FRIEND THOUGH GETTING A POKEMON IN POKEMONM GO WAS MORER IMPORTWENAz
lmao
you create interfafce
and create class
then do implrmenents
too lazy to write coed
also tiem to get water
shut your fucking mizrb
I'm playing ROHT(EJ COMPANY
a cirtual class
I forgot
English presentation now\n...
Good morning everyone, today I would like to take you on a virtual road trip to the beautiful country of Australia. This presentation will showcase the must-see destinations, breathtaking landscapes, and unique experiences that await you on this adventure. Join me as we explore the diverse landscapes and rich culture that Australia has to offer.
Wow!
Armani!
Holy shit dot! What is your opinion on Go?
I don't reckon there's a better way of doing it
except for iterating through each field in the objects
but that's a bullshit way and makes the  code just less readable
the best way to make the code better is by naming it red instead of r
as r without any context doesn't give any info about what it is
I know
I know
still makes the code more readable
there was a good article about shit like that
forgot where it was posted though
I'm on the phone
Hey Erik! Today I profited 60 cents off of my classmates!
are you proud of me?
Sell them 10€ Playstation Network cards for 10.10€
It's called capitalism.
You should be happy for me.
Oh yeah I also sold Xbox Game Pass Ultimate for 4€
while getting it for 3.50€
I'm literally a ganster
I didn't tell the tax people
Porn
LMAO
OK time to watch watch together
while doing homework
didin't you want to drop out just half a year ago
art class is useless
for the majority of the people
I know I'm bad at art
but everyone Ive talked to
share the same opinion
so somehow it cant just be me
that's why it shouldnt be mandatory
as I won't be drawing trees onto my desk in my work-space
the minister of education in germany is like 70
she doesn't know shit about what's "in"
probably can't even talk or listen anymore
that's the thing!
oh yeah! Every class is mandatory except for RUSSIAN
that's probably why you're nt pissed at art class or you just like having a bunch of rules telling you how to be creative
We just get a set of rules and have to draw a picture based off of these rules\nhow to draw\nor what to draw
shutmup I have to play ROgue COmpany
basically draw specific styles
I hate it
I want to draw how I want
https://youtu.be/NFsWu9ZoK4g
good video 📹 👍
AYO
my m.2 arriving today
should be
WD_BLACK SN850X 1TB M.2 2280 PCIe Gen4 NVMe SSD Memory for Gaming up to 7300 MB/s
for gaming 💪💪🔥🔥
anyways I have been thinking about getting a new motherboard and 64gb of ram
but it's already too expensive for me
around 250 bucks
I hate spending money
it feels wrong
nah
only when a lesson is dropping
that's because I don't need the "super ultra giga gaming motherboard pro+"
saved that together for 3 months
I don't just spend money
either I save it together or I just don't buy it
I want my bank account go up and not down
so I'm saving 95% of my income
anyways
today I will do the following things: figure out how gorm handles relations, write a quiz app, write a bunch of quizzes for my notes and study
bad
oh also gumer I got the exclusive permit to use my notes (on my phone) in class
isn't that amazing
yes
misspelled fumer
my great notes in Russian!
OMG! Great news!
art class is dropping tomorrow
would've sat there for 2 consecutive hours doing pretty much nothing